(Claude)
The match results
are in, sir.
(Declan)
And?
Did Yuya Sakaki win?
Yes, sir.
I must say I'm baffled
by his behavior.
After you persuaded
the Duel Association
to place Yuya
in a special bracket,
he could have passed
straight into the Junior
Arc League Championship.
Instead, he chose to try
and attain the necessary
number of wins
like any other duelist.
There was no need for me
to interfere at all.
Claude, it seems Yuya
is determined
to enter the Championship
his way.
I should have expected
nothing less.
Did he Pendulum Summon
during his match?
Yes, sir.
Our monitoring team
picked up the signal
as he was dueling.
Did they detect
anything unusual?
There was nothing
out of the ordinary
in their report.
The Pendulum energy
appeared to be normal.
Really?
That means...
He hasn't
taken the next step yet.
Mr. President,
there is another matter
I need to bring
to your attention.
It is quite intriguing.
Yes, Claude?
Well... the Duel Control
Center has observed
several intense
energy bursts
within the city limits.
I ordered our top people
to do an analysis,
and they have concluded
that the bursts
come from Fusion Summons.
Are you sure?
Yes.
At first they suspected
the bursts
were coming from here,
since the institute teaches
Fusion Summoning.
But after further analysis,
the team is sure
the bursts aren't coming
from our instructors
or their students.
The energy is too powerful,
is that it?
That's correct, sir.
No one here
has ever produced
a Fusion Summon
that strong.
Interesting.
Tell the team to continue
their monitoring
and to report
anything unusual to me.
Yes, sir.
(thinking)
So many questions,
and I know the answers
are out there.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
I'm activating the spell
Polymerization!
I'm using it to fuse
my Melodious Divas,
Aria and Sonata!
Okay, girls, sing out
in perfect harmony on my cue.
Give me the best fusion melody
you can muster.
I Fusion Summon!
(buzzer)
Why isn't my
Fusion monster appearing?
Have I done
something wrong again?
I did remember
to use my cards
to summon this time,
didn't I?!
Did you make sure
to put your monster
in your Extra Deck?
Huh?
My Extra Deck?
I've told you
a thousand times
you can't stick
Fusion monsters in your deck
like you do other monsters.
They go in your Extra Deck.
I'm not sure
where I put that card.
Huh?
How'd you get there?
You had an up‐close look
at two of my duels
already, Zuzu.
Didn't you learn anything
from watching me?
I totally could've owned
both of those duels
even without
Fusion Summoning,
but I did it anyway
because I hoped
you would learn something.
Maybe... I just don't have
what it takes.
Unh.
Or you were too distracted
thinking about you‐know‐who.
Huh? Oh...
I knew it!
Whoever this guy is,
he sure got your attention.
So like, what's his story?
I have no idea.
You know his name?
Not a clue.
But you've run into him
twice already,
isn't that right?
Yeah.
The first time was here.
Hope I'm not interrupting.
And... you are?
Obviously this mystery man
has you head over heels.
Ah! Don't be ridiculous!
Hey, it's only natural.
Maybe it's just his mask.
But I've gotta admit,
the dude does seem
pretty cool.
Talk! Who are you?
I was really
hoping to duel him,
but then at the last minute
Julia had to barge in
and ruin everything.
Next time,
he won't get off so easy.
Promise me you won't
ever duel him, Sora.
But why?
He's way too dangerous.
I Xyz Summon
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon.
(roaring)
Trust me, okay?
I mean, think about
all the chaos he caused
in this warehouse.
The damage he inflicted
was real.
This was no ARC system
malfunction.
Promise me
you'll stay away from him.
He's way too dangerous
to mess around with.
I still
don't get it, though.
I've already put you
through enough.
Why would he say
something like that to me?
(groaning)
There's been
enough suffering.
When's this gonna end?
(engine revving and whining)
(Yuto)
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon,
prepare to battle!
Aah...!
Ah...
(Yuto)
Either you tell me
what I need to know,
or I make you tell me.
Huh.
(tire squealing)
Did you find Lulu?
Where could she be?
Lulu...
(beeping)
(Zuzu)
It's shining again!
And it's brighter than ever!
(Yuya)
I've been looking everywhere
for you guys!
Huh?
Is something wrong?
You mean other than the fact
that you're missing
duel class again?
Your dad was worried sick
and sent me to look for you!
(groans)
Now what?
Where am I?
The Leo Institute?
How did I get
all the way over here?
(whooshing)
(thinking)This one's stronger
than I expected.
(panting)
(Yuto)
It's Shay!
♪
Hmm... Zuzu says
her bracelet glows?
Totally, Mom.
She also says that whenever
it happens, I show up.
Of course, she's just
trying to pull my leg.
(Sora)
No, Zuzu's bracelet must
have some kind of sensor
that can detect you
when you're near.
Great, I'm being tracked
like a lost dog!
Wait, why are you
always showing up here
at dinnertime?
Mmm...
because I'm hungry!
It isn't my fault
that your mom is
the best cook on the planet.
Aren't you
the sweetest?
I just hope
that my cooking
can live up
to your expectations.
I made a brand‐new
dish today
called Spinach
Surprise‐‐ here.
Why does all this stuff
look so healthy?
(Yoko)
Doesn't it look delish?
These are all "brain food"
recipes I got from Reed.
He told me
that your next duel
will be a real battle
of wits.
So I decided
to energize your neurons.
Bon appétit.
Yay!
Thank you.
You're putting chocolate sauce
on your sardines?!
Now, now, I've told you
a hundred times before
that we each have
our own tastes
and you have no right
to be judgmental.
Personally,
I find it charming
when Sora puts peanut butter
on scrambled eggs
and ketchup
on his ice cream.
Mmm... yummy!
If that food's supposed to
make him smarter
it's got
a lot of work to do.
Have you heard anything
about your next duel yet?
Like who your opponent's
gonna be?
Nope, and I don't wanna
know who it's gonna be.
Whoever I face is gonna
need a deck transplant.
You better watch it,
'cause there is such a thing
as being
too sure of yourself.
Look who's talking.
You're so sure
Zuzu likes you
that you don't even notice
when she flips
for another guy.
What do you mean,
another guy?
Uh, not that it matters...
'cause Zuzu
isn't my girlfriend.
(Zuzu)
I don't believe you, Dad.
Take it easy, it's true.
You've had that bracelet
ever since you were born.
You seriously expect me
to believe
I've been wearing this
since I was in diapers?
Look, this isn't so easy
to explain, but I'll try.
Save it, Dad!
Zuzu, hold on!
Listen, I know
you're upset,
and I know it's not
the best time to ask,
but is what I heard true?
Are you really studying
Fusion Summoning with Sora?
The training offered at your own
father's duel school
isn't good enough,
is that it?
If this gets spread
around town,
we'll never get
anyone to study here...
(Yuto)
Hope I'm not interrupting.
I've already put you
through enough.
Enough!
I've got to stop thinking
about him all the time!
Oh...
(sobs)
Dad can't understand,
but we almost lost our school
because my dueling
didn't measure up.
I won't let that
happen again.
That's why I need Sora
to help me master
Fusion Summoning.
Because something tells me
there's a lot more
trouble ahead.
It seems like
all my problems started
because of this
stupid bracelet!
Either that...
(sighs)
Or it could be
I'm losing my mind.
(Declan)
Where did you get these?
Both cards were delivered
to the school this morning,
but we don't know
who sent them.
So... Marco and Herc
have been immortalized.
They're two of our
top duelists.
Perhaps someone is trying to
send the institute a message,
but if that's the case,
I wonder what
the message could be?
I'm not sure, but yesterday
our detectors picked up
a powerful Xyz burst
from somewhere in the city.
Then there's this:
Herc's disappearance
apparently occurred around
the time of that event.
Then we received a tip
that Herc was sealed
inside a card.
Inside a card?
Seriously?
But that's absurd!
How could anyone
put a human in a card?
I don't know.
The technology
is beyond anything
I can possibly imagine.
Order the lab to complete
a molecular analysis
of both these cards
immediately.
I want some answers.
If they're inside,
can we save them?
We'll do our best.
But until we know
what we're dealing with,
I don't like our odds.
I wonder... why aren't
there three cards?
Huh?
Three were attacked.
Before Marco and Herc vanished,
Sylvio Sawatari
was also ambushed.
Marco and Herc are trapped
in these cards...
Why isn't Sylvio?
Why did he end up
in the hospital
after his attack
instead of in a card
like the others?
It's possible
that the assault on Sylvio
is unrelated to the others.
Which means there could be
at least two attackers
out there.
Do you really think so?
(Claude)
Councilman Sawatari,
you can't go in there!
I'm an important man,
and I will not be kept waiting!
There you are.
(Henrietta)
Councilman Sawatari.
(Claude)
You can't just
barge in like this.
Please leave at once.
I'm not going anywhere!
I have business
with these people!
I tried to tell
the Councilman
he needs an appointment.
I just‐‐
You're gonna need
an appointment with your lawyer
if you don't stop
harassing me, bub!
I'll meet with
the Councilman now.
Yes, sir.
I came here for answers
and I won't leave
till I get them.
I don't know what answers
you're talking about.
Don't try
giving me the runaround
'cause I know exactly
what's been going on
around here!
I have eyes and ears
everywhere!
My sources tell me
there's been
a number of attacks
on duelists associated
with this school
and that
you're hushing it up!
Eee... so the stories
are true then.
Well, Councilman...
Your sources are correct.
Then why haven't
you done anything
to stop this maniac?
You should have the police
arrest him immediately!
An investigation
is already underway.
Underway?!
But there's nothing
to investigate!
My son already ID'd
his attacker.
There isn't the slightest doubt,
it was Yuya Sakaki!
Your son is still convinced
that it was him?
We haven't spoken
since he left the hospital,
but I'm sure his story
hasn't changed.
There isn't
the slightest doubt
that Yuya Sakaki is guilty!
The Chairwoman agreed
and promised me
that she would see to it
that justice was done.
But this Sakaki character
is still running around free
and ambushing helpless duelists
as we speak!
If you won't take action
to stop this menace,
then I will!
I will personally see to it
that the police fan out
across this city
and apprehend Yuya Sakaki
on sight!
Please stay out of this.
Listen here!
(bangs desk)
Ooh!
An investigation
is underway.
No moves will be made
until it is complete.
The Leo Corporation
and Leo Institute
are working hard to determine
the true culprit.
But we already know
the culprit's Yuya Sakaki!
Yuya has not
attacked anyone.
Huh?
I can promise you
our investigation will succeed.
Until the results are in,
you must remain quiet.
Grr...
I'll make your life miserable
if you fail.
(door opens and closes)
Now, Claude, have our alert
level raised to maximum.
Whoever sent these cards
isn't planning to back down.
We have to be ready for
whatever they throw at us.
Yes, sir.
Also, have the lab
analyze these cards.
We must save Herc and Marco.
But not just them.
All our duelists are at risk.
♪
(Yuya yawns loudly)
Man, I'm beat.
Maybe it wasn't such a great
idea to stay up all night.
I must've played
a thousand duel sims
to prep for today's duel,
but now I'm too tired
to think straight.
(Mr. Sawatari)
Somebody better hail me
a robocab pronto or else!
I'm a heavyweight
on the city council!
I can make your lives
miserable, you know,
especially once I become
Mayor Sawatari!
I'll be the biggest enchilada
in this city!
Who's that clown?
It looks like
Councilman Sawatari.
If that loudmouth
becomes mayor...
Sawatari?
You can't expect
a man of my stature
to ride public transit!
Flag down a robocab
right now
or carry me to my office
on your backs!
Why is it so hard
for you chumps
to understand
this simple point?
You have one mission in life
and that's to serve me!
Sylvio sure has
an interesting father.
Oh! I almost forgot,
I'm supposed to meet Nico!
Huh?
♪
That's Yuya Sakaki!
Don't just stand there.
That kid is
a dangerous criminal!
Catch him
before he strikes again!
Uh...
That's an order!
Move or I'll have you fired!
Don't let
that delinquent get away!
Hurry before I
lose my temper!
Hey, kid,
stop right there!
Huh? What's going on?
Are you guys chasing me?
Collar that kid
before he attacks another
duelist like my son!
What do you mean?
I never attacked anybody,
honest!
♪
(Mr. Sawatari)
Stop Sakaki!
(panting)
More Leo thugs.
This is my lucky day.
Huh?
(all)
Okay, what's going on?!
Look, here, this is
none of your business!
I'm making it my business.
That could be the guy
we're after.
I was hopin'
he'd be smaller.
I'd better ask HQ
to send backup.
Hey, ignore
this grandstander
and seize Sakaki
while you have the chance!
Raidraptor Vanishing Lanius,
join your fellow raptor
on battle duty.
(screeching)
But why stop
at two Raid Raptors
when I can call on three?
This battle
won't be pleasant
for you Leo Corp losers,
but at least
it will be short.
(screeches)
Oh!
(Shay)
I overlay
these three terrors
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
This isn't gonna end well.
Not for us, anyway.
I Xyz Summon!
(alarm wailing)
(worker)
Hey, what's going on?!
(worker 2)
It's a spike of Xyz energy!
These readings
are almost identical
to the last surge
we detected,
except they're
even more intense.
Yah...!
(screeching and roaring)
Unh...
Aah... aah...!
Unh... oh!
Aah... ooh...
Hmm?
Aah... aah...!
(screaming hysterically)
Oof!
Get me out of here!
♪
(Nico, snapping fingers)
Yuya, wake up!
(Yuya groaning)
Aah... aah!
What's the matter, my boy?
Quick, we've gotta
warn the city
about the Xyz Monster!
I haven't the dimmest clue
what you're talking about.
The guy in the mask!
He summoned a mega‐monster!
It zapped everybody!
Everybody who?
It seems rather deserted
around here.
I'm talkin'
about the guys over there
who were chasing me!
Where'd they go?
So you saw
a gigantic monster
that attacks people for real
outside of a dueling arena?
It sounds to me like you were
having a dream.
A dream?
I must say, this is hardly
an opportune time or place
for napping.
Napping? Who, me?
It's lucky I passed by
when I did
because you were out cold
and would almost certainly
have missed your next duel.
We'd better get a move on.
Unless you're having
second thoughts.
No way!
Man, that's the last time
I pull an all‐nighter
before a duel.
(Nico)
If you want to make it
as a pro someday,
you'll have to
start acting like a pro.
Discipline, my boy,
discipline!
♪